flow diagram do-while loop sometimes is
desirable that the code to be repeated
can be executed at least once before the
end of the loop for this the do-while
loop has been created it's sometimes
desirable to evaluate the condition at
the end of the loop instead of at the
beginning because of this this loop
evaluates the code to be repeated at
least once and in each iteration the
code to be repeated is executed first
and then the condition is evaluated to
know if the loop continues or not syntax
do-while loop the dowhile loop in Java
is not obligatory to use curly braces in
case there is only one line to execute
but if the while loop is going to
execute more than one code statement
then it must carry curly braces as we
can see because the condition of the
do-while loop is evaluated at the end
the block of code to be repeated will be
executed at least once even if this
condition is not true in the exercises
that we're going to develop later we
will put this do-while loop into
practice
you